Update XDR, fees and limits for RC1 release. (#569)
stellar/soroban-docs: docs/fundamentals-and-concepts/fees-and-metering.mdx

- Ledger entry accesses: Reading or writing any single ledger entry (any storage key in the contract context).
- Ledger I/O: The number of bytes read from or written to the ledger.
- Transaction size: The size of the transaction submitted to the network in bytes.
- Events & return value size: The size of the events produced by the contract and the return value of the top-level contract function. Both events and return value are included in transaction metadata.

> - Ledger space rent: The payment for the ledger entry rent bumps and rent payments for increasing ledger entry size. Refer to [state expiration](./state-expiration.mdx) section for more details on how the rent works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ledger space rent: The payment for the ledger entry rent bumps and rent payments for increasing ledger entry size. Refer to the [state expiration](./state-expiration.mdx) section for more information about rent in Soroban.
```

Some parameters may contribute to multiple fee components. For example, the transaction size is charged for network propagation (as network bandwidth is limited) and for historical storage (as storing ledger history is not free).

The implementation details for fee computation are provided by the following [library](https://github.com/stellar/rs-soroban-env/blob/main/soroban-env-host/src/fees.rs). This library is used by the protocol to compute the fees and thus can be considered canonical. The resource fee rates may be updated based on network validator consensus.

The best way to find the required fees for any Soroban transaction is to use the transaction simulation with [preflight service](./interacting-with-contracts.mdx#preflight).

The fee rates are currently defined for the Futurenet as follows:

| Description                    | Cost (stroops) |
| ------------------------------ | -------------- |

> | 10000 instructions             | 100            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 10000 CPU instructions             | 100            |
```
We should probably clarify what kind of instructions we're talking about here. I think we are measuring CPU instructions here, right?

| Read 1 ledger entry            | 1000           |
| Write 1 ledger entry           | 3000           |
| Read 1KB from ledger           | 1000           |
| 1KB of transaction (bandwidth) | 500            |
| 1KB of transaction (history)   | 5000           |
| 1KB of Events/return value     | 300            |
| Write 1KB to empty ledger      | 1000           |
| Write 1KB to 2GB ledger        | 4_000_000      |
| Write 1KB to 4GB ledger        | 4_000_000_000  |
| Temp entry rent period         | 10 months      |
| Persistent entry rent period   | 1 month        |

Note, that write fees grow linearly from empty ledger to 2 GB (ledger "target size"), and then grow linearly, but with a 1000x factor after exceeding the target. This is to bound the ledger size growth. As Futurenet is a small, test network, the target size is set to just 2 GB.

> Rent payment is a write fee for entry payed per every 'rent period' (10 months for temporary entries, 1 month for persistent entries).

Reviewer: Is `10 months for temporary` correct here? I would've assumed the rent period for temp entries was shorter than persistent. It's quite possible (likely, even) that I've missed some relevant discussions on this topic, though.

Author: 'Rent period' is probably not the best term here, but the paragraph below explains it - you need to pay a write fee every 'rent period', so the bigger it is, the cheaper the rent is. I.e. for temp entries you need to pay N/10 XLM/month, while for persistent entries you need to pay N XLM/month. Suggestions are welcome on how to rephrase/rename this for clarity.

Reviewer: "Rent period" makes me think in terms of ledger entry expiration. Along the lines of "I paid for 10 months rent for this temporary entry, so it should exist on the ledger in 10 months' time." I'm about 99% confident that's not the right way to think about it, but I'm struggling to wrap my head around it.

Can you describe how these fees are different? Are these fees more for _inclusion_ in the ledger, regardless of how long the entry will be available?

Reviewer: Also noticing a small typo
```suggestion
Rent payment is a write fee for entry paid per every 'rent period' (10 months for temporary entries, 1 month for persistent entries).
```

Author: I've renamed this to just 'rent coefficient', which is probably no super intuitive, but at least isn't misleading and prompts looking into more details.

> Can you describe how these fees are different? Are these fees more for inclusion in the ledger, regardless of how long the entry will be available?

The rent fee is paid for entry to *stay* in the ledger after it's been written.

Reviewer: That helps a lot! Thanks!!

### Refundable resources

Fees for events and return value, as well as rent fees are refundable, which means that they are a part of transaction's `refundableFee`. Refundable fees are charged from the source account before the transaction is executed and then refunded based on the actual usage. The transaction will fail if `refundableFee` is not enough to cover the actual resource usage though.

## Resource limits

Ledger close time is constrained to a few seconds, thus preventing the execution of arbitrarily large transactions, regardless of the resource fees involved. All the resources referenced in the prior section are subject to a per-transaction limit. Additionally, the memory (RAM) usage by a transaction is capped, though it is not subject to any charge.

> The limits may change in the mainnet release. They can also be updated, usually increased, based on the network validator consensus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resource limits may change in the Mainnet release. They can also be updated, usually increased, based on the network validator vote and consensus.
```
